README.md, before:

# Academic Labbook themes
Themes for the [Academic Labbook Plugin](https://github.com/Academic-Labbook/alp) (ALP) for
WordPress. ALP is intended to be used with a special theme which supports the display of many of the
features added by ALP. This repository contains themes for ALP (currently there is only one).

## Labbook theme
The look and feel of the this theme has been inspired by [Simple Life](https://wordpress.org/themes/simple-life/)
by Nilambar Sharma, but the templates are not based on Simple Life's code; rather they are based on
boilerplate code provided by [Underscores](https://underscores.me/).

Features:
 - Displays multiple authors
 - Displays revision history under posts and pages
 - Displays breadcrumb trail on pages showing page hierarchy
 - Displays table of contents on pages based on page headings
 - Provides users sidebar widget showing links to view lists of each authors' posts, including those
   coauthored
 - Provides recent revisions sidebar widget showing recently edited posts and pages
 - Shows cross-references (links in the post body) between posts and pages under each post or page
 - Allows posts to be set as read or unread
 - Supports display of an institute logo and icon
 - Provides two menu locations for providing links to site or external pages or URLs
 - Provides customisable copyright notice and ability to hide branding
 - Responsive to screen size: viewable on mobile, tablet and desktop browsers

Commit message:

Add the ability for logged-in users to override the default post display mode via the admin bar

README.md, after:

# Academic Labbook themes
Themes for the [Academic Labbook Plugin](https://github.com/Academic-Labbook/alp) (ALP) for
WordPress. ALP is intended to be used with a special theme which supports the display of many of the
features added by ALP. This repository contains themes for ALP (currently there is only one).

## Labbook theme
The look and feel of the this theme has been inspired by [Simple Life](https://wordpress.org/themes/simple-life/)
by Nilambar Sharma, but the templates are not based on Simple Life's code; rather they are based on
boilerplate code provided by [Underscores](https://underscores.me/).

Features:

 - Displays multiple authors.
 - Displays revision history under posts and pages.
 - Displays breadcrumb trail on pages showing page hierarchy.
 - Displays table of contents on pages based on page headings.
 - Allows post display to be configured as full or excerpt mode, and allows users to override this
   themselves.
 - Shows cross-references (links in the post body) between posts and pages under each post or page.
 - Allows posts to be set as read or unread.
 - Supports display of an institute logo and icon.
 - Provides two menu locations for providing links to site or external pages or URLs.
 - Provides customisable copyright notice and ability to hide branding.
 - Responsive to screen size: viewable on mobile, tablet and desktop browsers.

### Cookies
Labbook stores the cookie `labbook_recent_posts_content_layout_mode` in users' browsers if they set
a custom layout mode via the admin bar (only available to logged-in users). The value of this
cookie can only be 'full' or 'excerpt' and therefore contains no personally identifiable
information.
